well demonstrations for ceas firing Gaza
have taken place in many cities across
the globe crowds took to the Streets of
London Calling for an end to Israel's
war it was the 11th rally in the UK
Capital since Israel began its war on
the Strip Rory challeng spoke to
protesters at the
event for month after month can rain or
shine these demonstrations have been
taking place every other week in the UK
now some are small and some like this
one are pretty large certainly thousands
are on the Streets of London today the
demonstrations uh have had the
disapproval and at times the outright
hostility of the UK government the
former Home Secretary sella braan
famously called them hate marches the UK
government has changed its working
definition of extremism allowing it to
label groups that it doesn't
particularly like as extremists and it
has asked the uh the London Police to
come down hard on any marches it feels
are exhibiting anti-Semitism Or Hate Now
the Marchers as they have done month
after month are calling for an end to
the war in Gaza for a stop in the arming
o of Israel it's a message they say
they're going to carry on until they're
Listen to We're definitely winning it
with the public obviously with um media
and Western Government I'm not sure
whether we're winning it or whether
they're just bluffing and talking the
talk but not doing the the walk you know
so they're just wanting to try and
protect themselves by saying the right
things but it might be the start of the
crumbling we just got to keep this up
and let them know we're not going
anywhere you have to change because
that's what your people want and we're
not doggy determination is it absolutely
we're not just fighting for Palestine
we're fighting for our own rights as
well our own freedoms and we've got to
keep going are they being listened to is
the Western stance changing well
obviously for the first time this week
the UN Security Council voted in favor
of a ceasefire in Gaza the first time
it's done that and crucially that relied
on the extension of the United States
which usually vetos such thing the UK
voted in favor so perhap signs that what
the Marchers on these demonstrations are
calling for and what western governments
are considering voting for starting to
align Rory Chalin aler from London